So debt, yeah, debt's a little bit of a problem. So what I want to tell you today is how changing just one thing and adding one step can literally take your debts and turn them into wealth. Let me show you how to do this. All right, so this is actually quite simple. Hopefully every one of you watching this are saving money because that's step one. You got to be saving. You got to be saving anything, but preferably 10% of what you make. And now what we're going to do is we're going to change where that savings goes first. And I'm going to show it to you in a second. But let me just talk it through. Once you are saving money and you change where it goes because we need to be in
control of that money, we need to get a guaranteed interest rate on that money. We need to get a dividend on that money. And why not allow that money to grow tax-free? But let's also allow it so that we can use that money and still earn all that compounding interest on every penny of it. But hold on, let's take a step back because what we're talking about is recycling and recapturing the money you're paying on
your debts. Remember I said from 24 to 25, the average household debt has gone up $50,000. So the majority of you watching this video, I can tell you you've got debt. It's okay. We all do. We've got credit
card debt. We got lines of credit. We
got car loans, lots of car loans,
student loans, and mortgages. And you
know what? All of those build the
perfect perfect way for you to build
wealth if and only if you know how to do
that. So, recycle and recapture. Now,
let me frame this up. First, you've got
your savings, and then your savings and
your income is going out the door to
your debts and expenses. We're going to
take your savings and we're going to put
your savings into your private banking
system. We're then going to use that
money. You see, we're not going to put
the money there and leave it set. We're
going to put the money there and get the
money out working for you, paying off
your debts. You see, it's not about
saving. It's about the flow of your
money. And that's what we need to do. We
need to move your money and make it earn
more for you. And then all your debt
will get paid off. Yes, it will get paid
off much faster. doing this than it will
if you keep doing what you're doing now.
And once the debt's paid off, well,
you're still going to be buying things,
right? You're still going to probably
put remodels on your house. You're going
to buy new cars for yourself and your
family. You're going to be buying things
and you're probably still going to
continue to invest. But what we're going
to do is we're going to do all of that
from a brand new place that you started
to pay off your debt. And that is your
private banking system. So, let's dive
in. Man, it's cold out here. But here's
the thing. If you got any value from
this, do me a solid and click that
subscribe button. But here's the thing.
Only 24% of you are subscribed to this
channel. That means 76% of you are not
subscribed. Please click that subscribe
button so I can go inside and get warm.
And also, there's this little bell up
top. I want you to smash that bell so
you're notified every time I put new
content. Okay, let's go inside. So,
let's make this super simple. Again, I
already started with savings. All of you
are saving money. And where are you
saving it? Well, various different
places, right? Your bank account, your
savings account, your money market, your
Schwab account, your 401k. Your savings
is going somewhere. But here's the
thing. It doesn't matter how much money
you're saving if your debts are crushing
your finances. And this is most
families. They're trying to save to get
ahead over here, but yet they're losing
the battle to debts on this side. We can
make it all one side. And here's what we
got to do. We got to take the savings
and we got to think of savings as
premium deposits. Now, this isn't going
to make sense, but I'm going to help you
make sense. So, here's where it starts.
Number one, you're going to change where
your savings goes first. And here's the
reason why. Because most people are
like, "Why would I take my savings and
put it in a specially designed whole
life?" Well, let me just play it out to
you. Number one, a guaranteed
contractual interest rate that never
changes. How about that? So, let's just
say you were earning 3 to 3.25 25
guaranteed on your money. Is that better
than what you're getting now? And some
of you will say, "No, I'm getting higher
interest rates guaranteed at my bank."
Yeah, until the Fed keeps dropping
rates. You see, this rate never changes.
But with the dividend attached to that,
and all the insurance companies we work
with are mutually owned, which means
they pay dividends, and they've paid
dividends for well over a hundred years.
So, let me just give you some numbers.
The lowest one we have right now is
5.7%.
The highest we have is 6.6. They call
this a dividend crediting rate. So, are
you making more than that on your money?
Probably not in a guaranteed place. Now,
the dividends are not guaranteed, but
the interest is. All right. Now, that
grows in a tax-free environment inside
the whole life policy. And you know what
else? This is protected against
judgments and leans. If your money's in
a bank account, it's not protected from
judgments and leans. But inside the
policy, it has certain protections in
most states. You can check those out
yourself. But we put the money into the
policy to get a better return from the
dividend and the interest rate in a
tax-free environment, protected from
judgments and leans. And heck, you know
what? The death benefit does not suck.
It protects your family. But that's not
why we're doing this. The first and
foremost reason is we want to pay off
debt because that is what is hurting
your wealth. So, we're going to first
take that money and we're going to put
it into the policy. As soon as the
money's in the policy and as soon as you
have cash value, which in every policy
we design will be in the first 30 days
from when you fund your policy. That's
how quick your cash value will become
available. Now, how much that depends on
a lot of things, but anywhere between 60
and 90%. So, here's what we're going to
do. Let's come over to this side. The
first thing I asked you to do is
organize your debts into lowest to
highest. Just like it says there, I want
to start with your credit cards, your
car loans, your lines of credit, your
mortgages, any and all debts. Put them
in order. When you do this, I want you
to write down the name of the debt. Then
I want you to write down the amount you
pay on the debt. And just do it in a
T-chart like this. Okay? And then I want
you to write down the percent interest
rate on that debt. And when you add them
up, I want you to add up the total
amount you're paying. Let's just say
it's $3,000 a month. Okay? And then I
want you to add up all the interest
rates and divide it by the number and
that will give you the average interest
rate you're giving away. It's pretty
simple. The reason we want to do that is
I want you to realize how much money is
leaving your family forever. And I want
you to understand based on statistics,
it doesn't matter how much money you're
saving. If you're saving money and
losing money on this side, they're
they're they're fighting one another.
So, let's make them work for you. Here's
how the money goes into the policy. The
first thing we're going to do is we're
going to take a loan from the policy.
Now, we do all this for you. We have an
entire team, the bankers only team.
That's what we do. We implement this for
you. And we also have software called
the vault. I'll give you more about that
later, but we'll put that up in the
description. It's b yovault.com.
That is your operating system for what
we're going to do. So, let's say you're
funding this like you were doing your
savings. And let's just say it's a
monthly amount that you're saving or a
weekly amount. What you're going to do
is set up quarterly loans. And again,
like I said, we'll help you do this, but
the loans are going to come out
quarterly. And we want this basically to
be for the max amount of cash value. So,
whatever your cash value is quarterly,
we're going to take a loan. Now, the
loan interest rates vary. They're
anywhere between five and 6%, give or
take a a percentage basis point here and
there, but let's just call it that. So,
let's just kind of go right in the
middle. We'll say five and a half. Just
shoot it right in the middle. Okay?
That's the interest rate that the
insurance company charges you to borrow
your money. But, see, it's not your
money. The money that you're borrowing
is the insurance company's general
account money. They're literally giving
you part of your death benefit while
you're living using your cash value to
collateralize the loan. Remember I said
earlier your money gets to earn
uninterrupted. So which that means is
your cash value the total amount of the
money that you put in whatever your cash
value is that continues to earn interest
in dividends on an uninterrupted
compounding basis while we take that
money out. So let's just say your first
loan is for $5,000. the insurance
company's going to charge you simple
interest on that loan because they
loaned you part of your death benefit
and collateralized it with your cash
value. I'm saying this multiple times
because I'm trying to help you
understand this. Then that money gets
deposited into a bank account that we or
you set up for you and that is a
segregated bank account. We want to keep
this separate because that way you're
always going to see the flow of your
money. If you put this into your regular
checking account, chances are someone,
maybe not you, someone's going to spend
that money because most checking
accounts are like the black hole. At the
end of the month, there's not much left
in them. So, we want to keep that money
in a segregated account. Now, remember
over here, we've organized all your
debts from lowest to highest. We take
the five grand you took from your
private banking system, which is the
policy, and we're going to apply that to
your credit card. Let's say you got a
Visa that you owe $10,000. That Visa
right now you're paying $1,000 a month
and it's a 20% interest rate. So now we
take the $5,000 and now you owe five
grand, not 10. Now your monthly payment
drops to $500 a month. It's still 20%
interest. What happened here? Well, let
me tell you what happened here. You
freed up $500
a month because you used to pay
Visa$1,000, but you paid Visa down
$5,000. So, you only owe them five
grand. I'm just doing simple math. So,
now you owe $500 a month. So, here's
what we're going to do. This is very,
very important because we're going to
continue to do this as we get going with
this. We're going to take this $500 that
got freed up and we're going to we're
going to just change the name on the
check. We're going to put your name on
the check instead of Visa's name because
you no longer owe Visa that 500. We're
going to take it and we're going to
deposit it into your segregated account
every month. Then what we're going to do
for you is we're going to recapture that
$500
and we're going to recapture that back
into your private banking system. So, if
$500 a month gets deposited in your bank
account on the 1st, we're going to set
up a recapture on the 15th, and we're
going to sweep that $500
from this segregated bank account back
into the policy. Now, why would we do
that? Here's why. Every time $500 goes
back in the policy, it's called a loan
repayment. It pays the loan down, but
you get full and immediate access to
that $500. So you lose no liquidity. We
just don't let their bank use your money
to make money because we sweep it into
your banking system. Now, when we do
that, every single month, $500 is being
subtracted from the loan the insurance
company gave you. So now, month number
one, you owe the insurance company
$4,500, but you kept the $500. Now
remember, when you were paying Visa over
here, chances are that $500 was just
going to interest. So, you weren't
getting any access or liquidity from
that. Now, you are and you're also
paying the loan down. So, if the loan is
being charged 5.5%
and you're paying it down, now you're
paying 5.5 on 4500. But the money you
put over here, let's just call that five
grand, the 5,000 in cash value is
compounding and earning and climbing up.
You see, one is going up, the other
one's going down. And in between is your
spread. You're making money just like a
bank does. Now remember, nothing has
changed from your standpoint when it
comes to cash flow. You're still saving
money, but you changed where the savings
goes first. That savings is going into
this policy, which is your private
banking system. Every quarter, we're
sweeping money out of it. We're taking a
loan every single quarter, depositing it
in your bank account, which is the
segregated bank account, and using that
to go down the line, paying off all of
your debts. Remember, your debts were a
total of $3,000. Hypothetically, at the
end of this game, this isn't going to be
$500. This is going to be $3,000. $3,000
every single month coming back to your
banking system going in here. And every
dollar you're putting in, you're getting
access to. So now $3,000 a month is
money that you're keeping versus money
you used to give away to their bank. Now
it goes to your bank. So what happens
after that? Well, just like I just
showed, all we're doing is we're moving
your money in a circle over and over
again. New cars that you want to buy,
you fund them through your banking
system. And when you do that, you get
every dollar back for all the cars you
buy, drive, and own. You're the bank.
You don't leak any money anymore. But
also, your family's going to need
things. College, okay, if you got kids,
you're going to buy houses. I'm sure
this isn't the only house you're ever
going to live in. You're going to buy
additional houses. You're going to
invest money. You're going to buy things
that are investments. And every time you
do that, what you should be considering
is using your bank to finance whatever
it is you're going to buy. the new boat,
the new condo, whatever, your bank
finances it. But that doesn't happen if
you stop saving money. And that doesn't
happen if you continue to use debt,
someone else's debt, as a way to buy
things. Your debt, when you use your
banking system, is building wealth for
you. I just showed you that. You see,
here's the whole thing. The goal of this
thing is not to just get out of debt.
The goal is to be in control of your
money and make your money work for you
24 hours a day, seven days a week
because you got to sleep. You got to go
have fun. You got to eat. Your money can
continuously work for you. And if you've
got a system, cuz that's what I just
showed you. If you've got a system like
this, which is called the infinite
banking concepts, pioneered by the late
R. Nelson Nash. What you do is you never
stop earning because your money is
working for you 24/7. Folks, if you've
liked this video, you're going to want
to check this one out right here.
Secrets of the Wealthy.